a Japanese technique to overcome
laziness from time to time all of us set
ourselves a new goal or challenge and
just as often in the end we fail to
achieve them you end up telling yourself
that you are not ready yet that you will
do it next week next month or even next
year why do we give up so easily the
answer is fairly obvious we try to
achieve our goals too much and too fast
we get sick of the new responsibilities
and it's tough to change old habits and
try something new as a result you get
tired and bored very quickly how to stop
procrastinating this is a great solution
to overcome laziness and achieve
anything you wish this method takes less
than a minute and results are quite
impressive the technique is called
Kaizen or the 1-minute principle Kaizen
originated in Japan and it is something
that anyone can attempt in any sphere of
their life in Japan for instance it's
often applied to improve management
techniques the word itself contains two
routes Chi change and then wisdom it
means you shouldn't change your life
spontaneously but slowly and wisely the
new habit should occur as a result of
your reflection and life experience this
method was invented by Masaaki Imai who
believes this philosophy can be applied
just as successfully to the world of
business as it can be to one's personal
life how does this method work in
Japanese culture the practice of Kaizen
includes the concepts of the 1-minute
principle for self-improvement at the
heart of this method is the idea that
you should practice doing something for
a single minute every day at the same
time just for a minute no more it
shouldn't be any trouble for absolutely
anyone right even the laziest person can
carry out a given task for such a small
amount of
we usually find an excuse not to do
something when faced with carrying the
task out for thirty minutes or an hour a
day however you should be able to do it
for at least 60 seconds without any
misgivings why does the method work at
first glance this practice might seem
doubtful and ineffective for people who
have grown up in Western culture that
claims the idea that you can only
achieve your goals by undertaking
enormous efforts however it's not true
at all
challenging programs of self-improvement
that deprive you of vast amounts of
energy can end up exhausting you and
leave no tangible results whether it's
doing push-ups or studying a foreign
language the task won't seem like
something unpleasant that you have to
get through instead it will become an
activity that brings you joy and
satisfaction take one little step at a
time and you will move on the path of
self perfection the one minute principle
lets you see the progress you're making
and it's a critical part of forming new
habits it's important to overcome that
lack of confidence you might have in
your abilities as well as free yourself
from guilt and helplessness you need to
experience a sense of victory and
success to move forward the moment those
feelings inspire you you will gradually
begin to increase the amount of time you
spend on the goal that you have set for
yourself maybe at first just for five
minutes more but this will soon turn
into half an hour and then even longer
all you have to do is understand what it
is you want to achieve and start doing
it for just a minute every single day
have you already tried this technique
how did it work for you share your
experiences in the comments below it
will help others improve their lives and
finally stop procrastinating don't
forget to hit the like button and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]